hello again this week to at least have
sent me down to warrington wolves we got
out of the rain into the training center
into the gym with the boys Richie Myler
and brett hodgson are going to give me a
little bit of a guided tour around hello
hey it's just a good place for you or a
bad place you like what in there oh we
don't want company doing the weight and
he lends a bit harder for some well
still fellas but it's good we got our
great setup here probably I would
imagine one of the best in the lego visa
from the physio room in into your right
here to the weights where we've got
intense really good so we got the physio
room just over on the right hand side I
think Mickey homes in there having a
massage richly if you let's just have a
little bit of a wonderous how much
generally do you do in here on a weekly
basis yeah we're pretty much in here 24
12 more stairs in the morning to do
about we have about three different
splits so we have weight skills and
stuff in here a lot of Matsui down there
for wrestling and stuff so it was pretty
good and who were the were the good
trainers who with her who are the bad
trainers are Dutch see libres in here
anyway are the bad ones you can probably
guess Bruce rather be one of the worst
trying something play with oh hello I'm
probably up there ah good trainers Mick
Monahan saw wise in here Benny Harrison
and I'd like to look look good in all
order it is a kilogram over on this
thing he gets himself on treadmill crips
in a lot of boys tried pretty well on
the great photos on the walls from some
big finals you've had as well having
memories around that do they help when
you you go through the motions of
training ah some of the guys probably
like look at themselves up you know you
can sometimes look at this one in
particular over you is when we went out
to some pretty tough sand hills in
Australia the other year you think back
to when you're doing those hard sessions
when it's typing games and it can help
spur you on a little bit right don't
feel like any exercise today so let's
pop across the way it head into the
changing room right we're in the
changing room very cozy changing room
smells pretty fresh as well I think some
of the box have just been in the showers
who spends most getting themselves ready
rich with you sir Mickey I am I think
he's got a lot of her to look after no
Mickey's am always brings team shall we
do as well is not as a doesn't mind
sharing and all the boys use that not me
you get much bantering but it's quite
it's quite tiny changing room isn't it
really bright did you get all that out
of the way in the gym and this you just
get ready and get off or did you want
each of the rubberband there's always
wanting up yeah wherever we are on the
field in here in the gym yeah but a few
guys don't even come in here they'll
just head off without sharing us just
because you can't smell on the next day
who does the Holy 70 we're gonna say yes
name the other I don't see any i was
gonna say i don't hear the mirrors i say
one little mirror i sit down there yeah
yeah as I was over there I'm from
wrestling with other people are work IM
before he said uh more general no though
I mean this is obviously just a small
changing room for your training but when
you're in the dressing room like before
a big game or something like that moment
before you go out to bowel it's big and
I you try and get yourself mentally and
physically up for the big games in
particular ah the talks you know you
know that if everyone's talking
everyone's focused on whatever they're
wanting to achieve individually during
that game then everyone's on and you can
just sense sometimes that it's going to
be a big day I don't think we need to do
much more talking here leaf Richie to
look in the mirror will go to the
canteen rights lunch time this is the
canteen and here we are should we get
some food in Richard here what do you
like I see what's there to eat in here
yeah yeah it's brie and every now it's
pretty it's brilliant to be honest it's
the set we have is fantastic i'm in soon
as you come off the field district and
it's already feeling the confer good
selections as well what you get and you
guys eat a lot do they cater for your
specific needs as elite sportsman well
they cater to the University first and
foremost here we get to eat whatever is
available you know we don't put in
orders or anything like that but there
always is a great selection of salads
and a lot of Sullivan sandwiches behind
you so you get fed at lunchtime when you
get home at the evenings you do you cook
do you cook for your other halfs yep I
do yeah I love cooking you don't like
learning so much about cooking I'm a big
fan of yeah yeah what's your signature
dish I like Italian food Brazil is
something which I'll
cooking it wouldn't be too well known by
too many people but it takes a while to
cook so I but on rare occasions will
have that what you real sweet potato
cottage pies ma everyone just telling
like like if you edit off that's a tough
it's very nice good well I think we've
got a good look around maybe stop for a
little bit of garlic bread I'm thank you
for shoulders on ba Cheers